Knownbugs as of Jan 2025
- When sidebar is toogle collapsedfrom localstorage mainwindows down get 'collapsed width' but leave empty space between mainwindow overlay and panel
- Tooltips in sidebar is not shown above mainview
- Company info in tooltip when collapsed sidebar does not work
- There is a load/save error on the crushing task. We get a error if we reload the page while there is a active task. Might have something to do with the way we store (or rather fail to) store selectedgrape. 
 
Known Bugs:
-Save load Owned land and staff (Safe to firestore, but dont restore from localstorage)
Allow winery-task on same field,grape,vintage if different entry (IE different quality)
Make sure to clean localstorage on login, in case game was closed without clearing
Wineorders not saved to firestore, just to localstorage
There might be an issue where annualYieldFactor  is producing values below 0.5 which is not intentinally. 
Plant buttom is not disabled when active clearing task, but we dont allow planting task when active clearing task
Imidiatly on building a building the headline (name of the building) disapears. reshows on pageupdate
Buildingname only shows in taskbox after pagereload
Prevent several building and maintaince task on same building
There dosnøt seems to be a prestige hit for not completing bookkeeeping task as intented

QoL Improvement
24-01-25
Better shown error to user  when harvest/crushing/ferminting error. IE Now it only shows in console window. We would maybe like something red flashing

Old Ideas:
 - Hover over info on "Statuspic" on sales.html
 - Default selected staff for new task
  - group orders by field, grape ect. or somekind of filter on orders
  group similiar entries in cashflow
  hover over info on icons. IE (Status icon, wineordertype icon ect. )
  Planting expense needs a consolemsg
  Clicking field name in Vineyard should open the farmlandoverlay
  Clicking staff name in Select staff overlay should open staffoverlay
  add error consolemsg when clicking a building that is not build
  add error when trying to build a building that allreadu excist
  Better info on Maintaince task - like what building is maintained and is it building or upgrading. 
  